(typewriter clicking
rhythmically)
(typewriter bell dings)
♪ ♪
♪ With a crew you can do
what you can't do alone ♪
♪ With a friend,
you might pretend ♪
♪ To feel warm in the cold,
and it's true ♪
♪ That I'm gonna
be there for you ♪
♪ Yeah, it's true ♪
♪ I'll be right
on the side of you ♪
(electricity sparking)
♪ 'Cause that's
what friends do. ♪
(typewriter clicking
rhythmically)
(typewriters clicking)
(typewriter bell dings)
♪ Click, clack, moo ♪
♪ Clickety, clack, moo ♪
♪ Click, clack, moo
to you and you and ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ What-- click-- can-- clack--
this cow-- moo-- do ♪
♪ To make your jingly, jangly ♪
♪ I can't wait
for Christmas dreams ♪
♪ To come true? ♪
Oh!
(grunts)
Ha. Sorry about that.
Anyway, back to work typing up
your fabulous Christmas lists.
Well, hello, Chicken.
What can Santa get you
and your egg for Christmas?
His name is Chico.
Happy Chico.
Happy Chico. Ha, love that.
Why don't we start with you?
Dear Santa...
I... would like...
a robot butler who does
everything I don't want to do
but has a special computer chip
which won't let him
turn against me,
seeking robot-butler revenge!
-(typewriter bell dings)
-Next.
(laughing):
Oh!
Merry Christmas, Goat.
Uh-oh.
You're under the mistletoe.
(giggles)
Now you have to kiss me.
(exhales)
A red velvet robe,
red velvet slippers,
red velvet jacket, you know,
just say
"red velvet everything."
Oh, and a hot tub.
(chuckles)
Mm-hmm.
You must have been
a very good duck this year
to ask for so many presents.
Yeah, just ask my assistant.
He's been adding up my naughties
and nices this year.
And I got to tell you,
things are looking good.
Ain't that right, Rabbit?
Rabbit?
I kind of need to get back
to my Santa list here, buddy.
Sir, you're...
you're not getting
any presents this year.
Wait, what?
I just quintuple-checked
your numbers, sir.
Uh, you have done
some nice things this year, yes,
but you've also done
some terrible, awful,
just unspeakable things.
Who, me?
Roll the video.
You pranked Farmer Brown
by turning his
Statue of Liberty corn maze
-into a Statue of Duck
corn maze. -What?
(Duck laughs)
Aw, oh... I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
That was wrong.
(chuckles)
RABBIT:
While Farmer Brown slept,
you stacked 15 household
objects on his chest
-(Farmer Brown grunts)
-with tragic results.
Hey, I was going
for the world record.
RABBIT: And you led the animals
on a protest strike
because Farmer Brown wouldn't
buy you electric blankets.
...no eggs.
No electric blankets, no milk!
Uh, no comment.
All right, I get it.
All I'm getting for Christmas
is a big, fat lump of coal.
I get it, okay?
(groans)
FARMER BROWN:
Well, hello, Cow,
Cow, Cow,
Sheep, Sheep, Sheep, Sheep,
Chicken, Chicken,
Chicken, Chicken, Chicken,
Goat,
Mouse, Mouse, Mouse,
Duck, Rabbit,
and, uh, well,
Pig, of course.
You writing your letters
to Santa, are you?
(laughs):
Oh, that's what I like to see.
"Can we type up
your Christmas list?"
Oh, don't you worry about me.
I got everything I need.
Besides, Santa's gonna need
extra room in his sled
for all your goodies.
(crying)
(blows nose)
Oh, cheer up, Duck.
So you're a selfish,
rotten fink.
Big deal.
(laughs)
Mwah, mwah, mwah.
Not everyone can be
as wonderful as me.
-(laughs)
-SHEEP: Be...
ha... appy!
(grunting)
And know that we love you,
sweet prince.
If this doesn't cheer you up,
nothing will.
Ready, everybody?
One, two, three.
Group snow angel!
(clucking, laughing)
(whoops)
(groans)
Uh, sir? Are...
Sir, uh, are you okay?
(groans)
I know you feel bad about not
getting any presents, sir.
Uh, the good news is, Christmas
is about giving, not getting.
R
-Right, sir?
(moaning):
No.
Hurry on in here, animals.
The show is about to start.
Ooh, this is gonna be
so excit...
-No pushing!
-Ow! Hey! That's my seat.
-Personal space. Hello?
-Come on! Really?
-Ow! That's my hoof!
-All right, all right.
Watch out for extremely
breakable Chico.
(chuckles)
All right, now.
Now, get ready.
It's almost time for the first
Christmas special of Christmas.
There we go-- oh.
What the...? Oh.
Oh, crab apples.
Not again.
-(snorting)
-All right, now.
Oh...
Now, where does
all that money go?
It's like a bottomless pit
down there.
Ah, no matter.
Hey, what's a little
loose change
when I got my best friends
and our wonderful
holiday tradition:
seven Christmas specials
in seven days? Ha.
-(microwave beeping)
-Popcorn's ready, too.
Oh, I'll be right back.
♪ On the first Christmas special
of Christmas ♪
♪ My true love gave to me... ♪
(clears throat)
Uh, yeah. Uh, right.
Much as we love your singing,
uh, the show's starting, Cow.
♪ It's starting, it's starting ♪
♪ The very first Christmas
special of Christmas! ♪
ALL:
Shh!
♪ They try to stop me
out of jealousy ♪
♪ But can't you see,
baby, can't you see ♪
♪ It's the first Christmas
special of the seven ♪
♪ Christmas specials
of Christmas! ♪
ALL:
Shh!
Okay. I'm afraid we're gonna
have to ask you to leave, Cow.
Terribly sorry.
♪ Out in the snow,
I can still watch the show ♪
♪ Feeling that whispery,
twispery Christmas glow. ♪
(shudders)
Hi, I'm Appliance Al.
And those are my actual clothes
in the dryer.
(chuckling):
Oh.
I don't just feel toasty-woasty.
I feel toasty-woasty
to the mosty.
Oh, to be toasty-woasty
And no static cling.
Thanks to the amazing
Tumbletron 300 dryer.
-Huh. -Farmer Brown
really likes that dryer.
Oh, oh, I think Farmer Brown
loves that dryer.
Oh, my.
Maybe there is something
that Farmer Brown
wants for Christmas after all.
You have to admit,
the dryer we have now
is a hunk of junk.
-(mice pretend to spit)
-It is a disgrace.
-(rumbling and squeaking)
-PIG: Whew... that sounds like
a homesick orangutan.
COW 2: Ugh.
That got its milk money stolen.
COW 3: And got body-slammed
by a T. rex.
GOAT:
And then blew up.
COW 1: Which explains
why Farmer Brown's clothes
have been a little damp
as of late.
DUCK: Oh, that explains
why he keeps turning
into a Farmer Brown-sicle.
So, come on down.
Order before Christmas,
and I'll throw in a spin
on Al's Amazing Wheel
of Home Accessories.
Win a dishwasher, a new fridge.
How about
an electric waffle maker?
Did he just say
"electric waffle maker"?
ALL:
♪ Waffles. ♪
Yeah!
And if you want to beat
the holiday rush,
-just text your order
directly to me. -(phone chimes)
Hey, it's a text from Santa.
Ho, ho, ho! Send me
all the dryers you got, Al.
All anybody wants
for Christmas this year
is a Tumbletron 300 dryer.
(chuckles)
Me, too.
Let's get Farmer Brown
that dryer for Christmas.
And how are we gonna do that?
♪ With the transplendent ♪
♪ Transplendency ♪
♪ Of the Christmas spirit. ♪
(bell dings)
Rabbit, hey.
If I help pull off
this Christmas miracle,
would I get back
on Santa's nice list?
Almost certainly, sir.
Cow's right, everybody.
♪ With the transplendent
transplendency ♪
♪ Of the Christmas spirit... ♪
There's nothing we can't do.
What do you say, gang?
I say, don't leave me
hanging here, Duck.
Give me some.
Quack, quack, boom.
If we can pull it off...
-It'll be...
-The toastiest...
-Woastiest...
-Mostiest...
Al's Amazing Wheel
of Home Accessories-iest...
Waffle-winningest
Christmas ever!
Ooh, and I'll be back
on the nice list, baby.
Keep looking, everybody.
There's got to be a ton
of money buried in there.
I found a sandwich.
I found a retainer.
I found a lollipop with
a hair stuck to it.
Ew.
All righty, Pig.
Show me how this thing works.
Right.
So we're here,
and we have to get
all the way up to $430,
which is what the dryer costs.
That's way up here.
Hold on.
Wait a second.
How come we're starting
at below zero?
Well, I had to lay out
some serious moola
for the arts and crafts
supplies.
Like I always say,
you can never have enough...
-glitter.
-♪ ♪
Glitter.
(laughs)
(gasps)
Ooh, I got something.
It's my old Dr. Cow
action figure.
I wonder if my old Moo-copter
is in here, too.
(chomping)
Ugh. Do you always
have to be so... goaty?
I'm a goat.
(sighs) We're getting nowhere.
Somebody has got to go
into the crevice.
Farmer Brown said it's like
a bottomless money pit in there.
My team is ready, Cow.
Permission...
to go into the crevice.
Permission granted, Mouse.
(all grunting)
Oi, mates, before you go,
who wants a bro hug, huh?
Bring it in.
Ah, feel the love.
We know you can do it.
Oh... Right. Yeah.
Um, sorry about that.
(chuckles) Sorry.
Uh, put you there.
I'm all covered in glitter glue.
We don't need any heroes, Mouse.
Anything goes wrong,
you tug the yarn two times
and we pull you up.
-Got it?
-You worry too much, Cow.
See you on the other side,
my amigos.
(grunting)
Ah, I don't know, guys.
I don't like this.
They're in too deep.
(gasps) Hurry. Pull 'em up, Cow.
Two tugs, Cow.
That's what we said.
Two tugs.
Oh, come on, you little monkeys.
(clock ticking)
(creaking)
-Two tugs.
-Come on, lads, pull 'em up!
(all gasping)
(whirring)
-Are you hurt?
-What happened?
Did you find anything?
I'm ashamed to say...
we failed you, my friends.
Ha, ha! Just kidding.
(grunting)
-And this.
-Yay!
-(cheering, whooping)
Yeah!
We are on our way...
cautiously optimistic Chico.
-Yes, we are.
-(ding)
-Yes... we are.
Yeah, I got it
the first time, sir.
(wind whistling)
We got hand-knit
Christmas sweaters, people.
Get 'em while they're ugly.
Perfect for the holidays.
They come in super ugly,
super-duper ugly,
and so ugly it hurts.
Gracias.
♪ I don't know
but I've been told ♪
♪ That holiday cheese logs
are always rolled. ♪
Merci.
Is everybody ready to have fun?
To have adventure?
To pay in cold, hard cash?
Then let's begin
our world-famous
Holiday Barnyard Animal
Super Safari...
Adventure Tour.
If we're very, very lucky--
extremely lucky,
some might say--
we just might spot some cows
over here.
I udder to think
what might happen
if there was a milk misfire.
-Oopsies.
-DUCK: Uh-oh.
Incoming! Let's get out of here.
(both laughing)
You may have seen a flock
of sheep before,
but have you ever seen
a clump of sheep?
They're one of nature's
most graceful,
majestical animal clumps.
(all groaning)
Ooh!
Ah, well, uh,
if you like the sweaters,
they're available
in our souvenir shop.
They make a great gift for Dad.
Another fun fact--
scientists have discovered
that birds are the direct
descendants of dinosaurs.
Is it true? You'll have
to decide for yourself.
(clucking and bellowing)
Oh, no! If you want to live,
follow me, guys!
(bellowing and screeching)
(wind whistling)
And that's... that's a goat.
I'm a goat.
(door creaks open)
All right, then.
If you're a child,
hold your parent's paw,
talon or hoof a little tighter.
(whispering): Because
if we're really, really lucky,
we might get a glimpse of the
most terrifying animal of all.
Look... if you dare.
(snoring)
-(groaning) -You may touch,
but do not awaken the beast,
-because that would be a very,
very, very bad idea. -(snoring)
-(air horn blows)
-Aah!
Ooh, what's going on here?
What...?
Duck? Ooh, I should've known!
What do you think you're doing?
-(Duck hums "Rock-a-Bye Baby")
-(mutters)
-It's all a dream?
-Sleep.
Well, I reckon that's a relief.
-It's all a dream.
-Sleep.
(snoring)
(wind whistling)
Why is everybody
so stressed out?
We're only halfway there.
And Christmas is a week away?
(gasps)
I've got an idea.
I don't know, Cow.
Your ideas have a way of...
Kind of always...
-Stinking?
-Hey!
Great idea, Cow!
Definitely not stinky. (laughs)
Cow-ow-ow-ow-ow!
Oh, well, when in doubt,
you got to go bouncy house.
(laughs)
Cannonballs!
(upbeat music plays on TV)
(hooves rubbing together
rhythmically)
-(hooves rubbing together)
-(clears throat)
♪ Moo-moo-moo-moo-moo ♪
♪ On the sixth Christmas special
of Christmas ♪
♪ My true love gave to me... ♪
Cow, I love your voice.
That's very nice
of you to say, Duck.
Well, that's because
I'm very nice.
-Did you get that?
-(ding)
But the thing is, Cow,
if you're singing,
we can't watch the show.
I'm sorry. I'll stop.
I'm so, so sorry, everybody.
(upbeat music plays on TV)
-(clucking)
-♪ Six chickens a-laying ♪
♪ Five non-nutritional
snacks! ♪
♪ Four kinds of mammals,
three nameless cows ♪
♪ Two crazy dancing feet... ♪
Whoa!
Whoa! Whoops!
I guess I'll go outside now.
(wind whistling)
♪ And a spunky little cow ♪
♪ That can still watch
Appliance Al on the TV. ♪
(shudders)
Ah! I don't just feel
toasty-woasty.
I feel toasty-woasty
to the mosty.
(gasping):
Oh!
Tumbletron.
Order before Christmas,
and I'll throw in a spin
on Al's Amazing Wheel
of Home Accessories!
(dramatic music plays on TV)
Maybe you'll win
an electric waffle maker!
ALL:
♪ Waffles! ♪
Yeah!
And if you want
to beat the holiday rush,
just text your order
directly to me.
(phone chimes)
Hey, it's another text
from Santa!
Oh, keep those Tumbletrons
coming, Al!
Just like me,
everybody's dreaming
of a static-free
Tumbletron Christmas.
Oop. Embarrassing.
So come on down and get your
Tumbletron while supplies last.
They're going fast!
Wait a second.
They're going fast?
SHEEP:
While supplies last?
Oh, no.
We don't have the money yet.
We have got to do something
before they're all gone.
Right, increasingly-concerned-
but-trying-not-to-show-it Chico?
You're so brave.
If we're going
to get that dryer,
we must be fearless,
we must be cunning.
And we must make
the customers disappear.
On my count, my compadres.
One, two.
Make me proud.
Stick with the plan,
and keep it...
(rolling "R"):
frosty.
(mice grunting)
-(chickens roaring)
-(woman yelling)
-Chickens!
-(bellowing and clucking)
Help! Runaway goat
being ridden by a duck!
Oh! Ew!
(whimpering)
What in the world is going on?
(typewriter bell dings)
"Dear Appliance Al,
could you please hold
"a Tumbletron 300 dryer for us
until we can pay for it?"
"Sincerely,
Cow, Cow, Cow,
"Sheep, Sheep, Sheep, Sheep,
Chicken, Chicken..."
Okay, I get it.
None of you have names. Uh...
how much money do you have?
That's all you've got?
I don't want to be the bad guy
here, but I-I run a business,
and I've already got enough
problems competing
with Brigitte over there
at that fancy Appliance Depot
without having
to hold a top-of-the-line dryer
for a bunch of livestock.
(clears throat)
No offense.
-(sheep bleating)
-(woman whimpering)
What is that... clump?
Oh, you want a prize?
Well, how about
you leave right now,
and I won't call Animal Control?
Out!
(groaning)
GOAT:
That went well.
Oh, come on.
At least we tried.
Oh, wow.
That must be Brigitte.
She doesn't look very happy.
COW 1: Ah, looks like Appliance
Al's got a lot more customers.
Hey, guys,
what if we helped her out...
and got paid for it?
(singsongy):
Who's excited?
I sure am!
We're almost ready for the
Stupendous Flying Animal Santas!
Stupendous Flying Animal Santas?
Yeah, they gave me
this brochure.
Okay, it says
they know the secret
to attracting new customers.
Oh, I sure hope so.
(stammering):
Is everybody ready?
Then bring on the stupendiosity!
Oh, please, please,
please, please, please, please!
Cow, buddy, hey,
skydiving isn't that scary.
Remember what they said
in the safety video?
It's like dancing in the air!
♪ Dancing in the air,
sweetheart. ♪
Come on, Cow, dance with me.
Uh, I need some help.
Hip! Hop! Hoo-ha!
Heechy, hoo-ha-ha!
Whatever it is you guys say.
Okay, never mind.
-Pig... baby.
-(whimpering)
Who's ready to be a legend?
Come on. Show of hooves!
(crying):
No, no.
Come on, Sheep Clump,
talk to me.
Tell me what I want to hear.
-(whimpering) -We... -Want...
-Our... -Mommies!
Come on.
What is your deal, guys?
If we make this jump,
Brigitte's going to pay us
enough money to buy the dryer.
If we don't, we won't get squat.
Look, guys,
I'm just as scared as you are,
but you know what's even scarier
than this?
Not getting that dryer
for Farmer Brown.
I know what you're all thinking.
"Farm animals don't fly."
They fall at a rate of 32.2 feet
per second per second, sir.
Maybe they do, Rabbit!
Maybe they do.
But guess what.
You're not farm animals today.
You're farm animals
wearing rented Santa suits.
So ask yourself:
what would Santa do?
Would he cry like a baby
or draw a scared face on an egg?
No. He'd tighten his belt
and say,
"Santa Claus is coming to town!"
-Yes. -Yeah.
-Well, that's probably true.
(overlapping chatter)
Cows, make me proud!
COWS:
Santa Claus is coming to town!
Chickens,
I know you're not chicken.
CHICKENS:
Santa Claus is coming to town!
Hey, mice,
you eat danger for breakfast!
MICE:
Santa Claus is coming to town!
Is everybody ready?
ALL:
Yeah!
Then... ho, ho...
go!
ALL:
Go!
All we got to do is
hit that bull's-eye,
and we bring home the bacon.
Just follow me down!
I'll lead the way!
Duck, look--
I'm dancing in the air!
Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh.
(laughs)
Yes, you are, Cow.
Ready for action, my friends?
(mice grunting)
Ho!
-Christmas tree!
-(mouse grunts)
(laughs)
Take that, Appliance Al.
Wow, we're gonna do it, Rabbit.
Looks like
you're going to do it, too, sir.
You mean,
get back on the nice list?
You're almost there.
Wow.
Feliz Navidad,
red velvet Jet Ski.
And a merry Christmas to you,
red velvet monster truck.
And you-- you must be my red
velvet robot butler, Alberto.
Welcome!
(robotically):
We are drifting off course, sir.
Oh, that's wonderful, Alberto.
I would beg to differ...
sir.
Wha... what? Huh?!
Where's my hot tub?
My monster truck? Alberto?
Duck, where's the bull's-eye?
And why are we drifting
towards Appliance Al's?
Hey, I think there's a deal
going on next door!
Ooh, Appliance Al's.
Let's go over there.
-(overlapping chatter)
-Come on, guys.
Ugh! Fine.
No customers, no cash!
Uh, thanks, animals!
Couldn't have done it
without you. (laughs)
(groans)
Bad news, sir.
You're back
on the naughty list again.
No bull's-eye, no bacon--
and it's all my fault.
Oh, man, how could things
get any worse?
Somebody get me my hair dryer.
(sniffles, coughs)
Oh, happy almost Christmas,
everybody.
I'm sorry I can't join y'all
for the last Christmas special
of Christmas.
(coughs) But you-you know
what'd be swell?
Y'all could watch it for me.
Would you do that?
-Yeah!
-Mm-hmm! -Ooh!
Well, better move along now.
The show's almost over.
The end? I can't believe it.
The last Christmas special...
is over.
♪ On the day we missed ♪
♪ The seventh Christmas special
of Christmas ♪
♪ My true love gave to me... ♪
Come on, really?
Cow, not now.
This is not the right time, Cow.
This is exactly the right time!
You guys never let me sing,
but this time,
I'm gonna sing, and you're
gonna listen, because...
♪ ♪
♪ On the day we missed ♪
♪ The seventh Christmas special
of Christmas ♪
♪ My true love gave to me ♪
♪ Five chicks a-sighing,
three mice a-crying ♪
♪ Two cows staring at me,
like I'm a disgrace ♪
♪ To their species ♪
♪ One frumpy clump ♪
♪ One majorly bummed Chico ♪
♪ And a seventh
Christmas special ♪
♪ We made all by ourselves! ♪
Ah, the only thing
we know how to make is a mess.
I don't think so.
Come on, gang! Follow me!
♪ We all know the special ♪
♪ 'Bout that needy little tree ♪
♪ And the one
where Santa's luck ♪
♪ Was wearing thin, so thin ♪
♪ And the special
'bout the monster ♪
♪ Who turned as
kind as can be ♪
♪ But what about the one
we're in? ♪
COW 1:
Well, we did have a safari tour.
MOUSE:
Rolled cheese across the floor.
MICE:
♪ Leapt into the couch ♪
♪ To depths unknown ♪
-COW 3: ♪ We had
a bouncy house ♪ -Ooh!
PIG:
♪ We glitter-glued a mouse ♪
♪ We're making a Christmas
special all our own ♪
-COW 1: ♪ I made an angel in
the snow ♪ -COW 3: ♪ Me, too ♪
GOAT:
♪ I ate a stinky shoe ♪
RABBIT: ♪ Along with
every object he was shown ♪
Do you have to be so goaty?
I'm a goat.
MOUSE: ♪ We went plunging
from a plane ♪
-♪ That ♪ -♪ Was ♪
-♪ So in ♪ -♪ Sane ♪
♪ We're making a Christmas
special all our own. ♪
Then we missed the bull's-eye
and didn't get paid
and couldn't buy the dryer
because I was a greedy grabber
who was only thinking
about dirty...
rotten... me.
(all gasp)
You're the reason we blew it?
And why our special's so sad?
Why, Chico's emotionally
scarred for life!
I'm sorry I made
Christmastime so bad.
(bluesy intro plays)
Why are you going, sir?
♪ Because I'm a naughty duck ♪
♪ Naughty as one duck could be ♪
♪ He's so naughty ♪
♪ So naughty, naughty ♪
♪ I'm a naughty,
not nice duck, now ♪
♪ Nau
-Nau
-Naughty ♪
♪ He's so naughty ♪
♪ So naughty, naughty ♪
♪ Don't even know how
to be nice ♪
♪ Unless it's to get
more stuff for me. ♪
You'd all be better off
without me.
But-but, sir...
♪ According to this Christmas
special manual I have here ♪
♪ By experts
in the Christmas special biz ♪
♪ On page 403, sir ♪
♪ Come see, sir, it's so clear ♪
♪ The thing that makes
a special special is... ♪
♪ Forgiveness ♪
-We forgive you. -Come on,
you may not be the perfect duck,
but you're our duck.
You add a special energy
to the group, sir.
♪ You think that
I can play a part? ♪
♪ If you open up your heart ♪
♪ We'll bring our story
to a close ♪
♪ With jolly ho-ho-ho's ♪
♪ The greatest happy ending
ever shown ♪
♪ I'll be transplendently
transplendent from now on ♪
♪ We're gonna get
that Tumbletron ♪
♪ In the Christmas special ♪
♪ Clickety-clack-clack,
clickety-clack ♪
♪ A special special ♪
♪ Clickety-clack,
right backety-ack ♪
♪ A Christmas special ♪
♪ All ♪
♪ Our ♪
♪ Own ♪
♪ Maybe I'm not such
a naughty duck after all ♪
♪ Quack! ♪
(wind whistling softly)
COW 3: Oh, we've got to get
Farmer Brown that dryer.
We don't have the cash.
Or the glitter.
SANTA (on TV):
Ho, ho, ho!
Oh, but we do have Santa Claus.
What if... what if we
asked him for the dryer?
Isn't it way too late for that?
Maybe not. Remember
the Appliance Al's commercial?
The text Santa sent to him?
If we could just get to Al's
and use his phone...
We could text
our new list to Santa!
-It could work!
-Very efficient!
-It's not the worst idea I've
heard all day. -It's brilliant!
Sir, if you pull this off,
you're totally gonna be back
-on the...
-Stop, Rabbit.
Nice list? Naughty list?
I don't care anymore.
I don't even want any presents.
I just want to get this dryer
for Farmer Brown.
You know what? Duck's right.
I don't want presents, either.
Me, neither!
No presents for us!
Hip! Hap! Ho!
Or us! Right, slightly-crushed-
about-the-presents-
but-still-sort-of-filled-
with-Christmas-spirit Chico?
No taking, just giving.
-The dryer!
-For Farmer Brown!
Yes! We can do it!
Yeah! We're gonna get
that Tumbletron!
-Who needs presents?
-Let's be nice just to be nice.
Hey! Whoa! What are you doing
with my nice list?
-I-I thought you said...
-Hey! I changed my mind!
You know what?
Let's go get that dryer.
Oh, it looks pretty cold
out there.
ALL:
Not if you travel like we do!
-("Jingle Bells" playing)
-Ah, I get it.
In a cozy-wozy clump.
-CHICKEN: Oh, it is cozy.
-(overlapping chatter)
(singing melody
to "Deck the Halls")
Oh, great.
Not you guys again.
I'm closed.
I'm going home.
-(typing)
-Oh, perfect. More cow typing.
-(typewriter bell dings)
-Okay, give it here.
"Dear Appliance Al, could
you please text this letter...
(groans)
to Santa?"
Guys, I'm sorry,
but it's Christmas Eve.
My family's waiting for me.
It's way too late.
You guys are killing me.
"Dear Santa,
all we want for Christmas
"is a Tumbletron 300 dryer
"to g...
(clears throat)
"to give to Farmer Brown.
"Sincerely,
"Cow, Cow, Cow,
Sheep, Sh..." Oh.
(chuckles):
Okay. You got me.
Got me again.
(sighs heavily)
You came all this way
in the snow for your friend,
and you actually think
I'm gonna text Santa Claus
with this nutso idea?
(sighs)
Okay. It is Christmas.
Ha-ha! We did it!
(whooping, cheering,
excited chatter)
By the hair of our
chinny-chin-chin, Mr. Goat.
Oh!
Oh, he's... very goaty,
isn't he?
All right, can I go home now?
(wind whistling softly)
So, I guess you guys
are all probably hoping
I'm gonna give you
a ride home? Right?
-(whooping, shouting happily)
-Hey, hey! Whoa, whoa!
(sighs)
Go ahead, Flopsy,
give it a spin.
♪ Deck the halls
with boughs of holly ♪
♪ Fa-la-la-la-la, la-la, la ♪
-♪ Moo! ♪
-♪ 'Tis the season ♪
♪ To be jolly ♪
♪ Fa-la-la-la-la ♪
-♪ La-la, la ♪
-♪ Quack! ♪
♪ Don we now our gay apparel ♪
♪ Fa-la-la, la-la-la ♪
♪ La, la ♪
♪ Oink! ♪
♪ Troll the ancient
Yuletide carol ♪
♪ Fa-la-la-la-la ♪
ALL:
♪ La-la, la, la. ♪
Hey, hey, hey, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I love you, too. That's fine.
I got to go home now.
Still got to wrap some presents.
Uh, good luck with Santa
and your farmer friend.
And, oh, yeah, one last thing.
Merry Christmas,
Cow, Cow, Cow,
Chicken, Chicken, Chicken,
little Chico, Sheep,
Sheep, Sheep, Sheep,
Mouse, Mouse, Mouse,
Rabbit, Duck, and Pig.
Have I missed anybody? Too bad.
I got to get out of here.
SANTA:
Whoa-ho! Whoa-ho-ho!
Pull up. Pull up!
Pull... Mayday!
Foam the runway!
Fo-ho-hoam the runway!
Ho-ho...
Whoa!
(gasps)
Tumbletron?
Great balls of holly!
I almost didn't make it there.
That is the last time
I lug a dozen Tumbletron dryers.
Seems like everybody
wants one this year.
That one there?
Oh, that's yours, Farmer Brown.
Oh, there must be a mistake.
I didn't ask
for anything this year.
I know.
But these guys did.
♪ ♪
You did this for me?
Oh, come here!
-(happy squeals, chatter)
-Cow, Cow, Cow...
-(bleating)
-Sheep, Sheep...
Whoa! Easy!
I love you guys!
I feel toasty-woasty
to the mosty!
Duck...
this is for you.
Sorry, Duck. You were so close
to getting on the nice list.
Uh, maybe next year.
Aw.
I tell you what--
why don't I take
all your nices from this year
and roll them over
into next year?
Give you a good head start.
You're probably going
to need it.
♪ ♪
♪ With a crew you can do
what you can't do alone ♪
♪ With a friend you might tend
to feel warm in the cold ♪
♪ And it's true ♪
♪ That I'm gonna be there
for you ♪
♪ Strong enough
when it's rough ♪
♪ Keep this up, don't give up ♪
♪ We can make it ♪
-Ho-ho-ho!
-♪ All together, we're better ♪
♪ These mountains,
together, we'll move ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ ♪
(typewriter clicking
rhythmically)
(typewriter bell dings)